.TH SUBINQCSV 1 "subinqcsv" "CWP/SU" "Seismic Unix Manual"
.SH NAME
subinqcsv \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B subinqcsv

=f,l,i start at f, increment by i, end at last value <= l.
.SH NOTES
All input values are stored in double-precision (8 byte float).
This program does not care if the values are seconds or milliseconds
or feet or metres. To this program they are all just numbers. However,
default of parameter invp2= treats names starting with v differently
for weighting.
For 3D, user needs to input locations which form aligned rectangles.
That is, how-ever-many grid inlines the user chooses to put locations on,
there must always be the same number of locations on each inline and those
functions must be located at the same grid crosslines. For instance, if
the user inputs locations for inline 7 at crosslines 15,25,40 then the
the user must alos input locations at crosslines 15,25,40 for any other
inlines that the user wants to supply locations for. (If user is lucky
enough that the grid has 100 inlines, then the input locations could be at
CDPs 715,725,740 and 1115,1125,1140 and 2015,2025,2040 and 2515,2525,2540.
Note that the inloc= option allows different values to be used to specify
locations but they are all translated to inline and crossline numbers
of the cell centre using the input 3D grid definition.
Bilinear interpolation is done if the output location is surrounded by 4
input locations. If the output location is not surrounded by 4 input
locations, the result depends on the extrapi and extrapc options.
The result can be any combination of linear interpolation, linear
extrapolation, and constant extrapolation. If input locations only exist
along 1 inline or 1 crossline the result is linear interpolation in that
direction (and linear or constant extrapolation at locations beyond ends).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR su (1),
.BR segyread (1),
.BR segywrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Colorado School of Mines, Center for Wave Phenomena
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) Colorado School of Mines
