.TH SUDGWAVEFORM 1 "sudgwaveform" "CWP/SU" "Seismic Unix Manual"
.SH NAME
sudgwaveform \- SUDGWAVEFORM - make Gaussian derivative waveform in SU format
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sudgwaveform

\fBsudgwaveform\fR >stdout  [optional parameters]
.SH DESCRIPTION
SUDGWAVEFORM - make Gaussian derivative waveform in SU format
.SH OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
n=2    	order of derivative (n>=1)
fpeak=35	peak frequency
nfpeak=n*n	max. frequency = nfpeak * fpeak
nt=128	length of waveform
shift=0	additional time shift in s (used for plotting)
sign=1	use =-1 to change sign
verbose=0	=0 don't display diagnostic messages
=1 display diagnostic messages
.SH EXAMPLES
dgwaveform n=10 fpeak=300 | suxgraph style=normal &
For other seismic waveforms, please use "suwaveform".
.SH NOTES
This code computes a waveform that is the n-th order derivative of a
Gaussian. The variance of the Gaussian is specified through its peak
frequency, i.e. the frequency at which the amplitude spectrum of the
Gaussian has a maximum. nfpeak is used to compute maximum frequency,
which in turn is used to compute the sampling interval. Increasing
nfpeak gives smoother plots. In order to have a (pseudo-) causal
pulse, the program computes a time shift equal to sqrt(n)/fpeak. An
additional shift can be applied with the parameter shift. A positive
value shifts the waveform to the right.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR su (1),
.BR segyread (1),
.BR segywrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Colorado School of Mines, Center for Wave Phenomena
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) Colorado School of Mines
