.TH SUDIPDIVCOR 1 "sudipdivcor" "CWP/SU" "Seismic Unix Manual"
.SH NAME
sudipdivcor \- SUDIPDIVCOR - Dip-dependent Divergence (spreading) correction
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sudipdivcor

\fBsudipdivcor\fR <stdin >stdout  [optional parms]
.SH DESCRIPTION
SUDIPDIVCOR - Dip-dependent Divergence (spreading) correction
.SH REQUIRED PARAMETERS
dxcdp	distance between sucessive cdps	in meters
.SH OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
np=50		number of slopes
tmig=0.0	times corresponding to rms velocities in vmig
vmig=1500.0	rms velocities corresponding to times in tmig
vfile=binary	(non-ascii) file containing velocities vmig(t)
conv=0		=1 to apply the conventional divergence correction
trans=0		=1 to include transmission factors
verbose=0	=1 for diagnostic print
.SH NOTES
The tmig, vmig arrays specify an rms velocity function of time.
Linear interpolation and constant extrapolation is used to determine
rms velocities at times not specified.  Values specified in tmig
must increase monotonically.
Alternatively, rms velocities may be stored in a binary file
containing one velocity for every time sample.  If vfile is
specified, then the tmig and vmig arrays are ignored.
The time of the first sample is assumed to be constant, and is
taken as the value of the first trace header field delrt.
Whereas the conventional divergence correction (sudivcor) is
valid only for horizontal reflectors, which have zero reflection
slope, the dip-dependent divergence correction is valid for any
reflector dip or reflection slope.  Only the conventional
correction will be applied to the data if conv=1 is specified.
Note that the conventional correction over-amplifies
reflections from dipping beds
The transmission factor should be applied when the divergence
corrected data is to be migrated with a reverse time migration
based on the constant density wave equation.
Trace header fields accessed:  ns, dt, delrt
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR su (1),
.BR segyread (1),
.BR segywrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Colorado School of Mines, Center for Wave Phenomena
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) Colorado School of Mines
