.TH SUDMOTX 1 "sudmotx" "CWP/SU" "Seismic Unix Manual"
.SH NAME
sudmotx \- SUDMOTX - DMO via T-X domain (Kirchhoff) method for common-offset gathers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sudmotx

\fBsudmotx\fR <stdin >stdout cdpmin= cdpmax= dxcdp= noffmix= [optional parms]
.SH DESCRIPTION
SUDMOTX - DMO via T-X domain (Kirchhoff) method for common-offset gathers
.SH REQUIRED PARAMETERS
cdpmin                  minimum cdp (integer number) for which to apply DMO
cdpmax                  maximum cdp (integer number) for which to apply DMO
dxcdp                   distance between successive cdps
noffmix                 number of offsets to mix (see notes)
.SH OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
offmax=3000.0           maximum offset
tmute=2.0               mute time at maximum offset offmax
vrms=1500.0             RMS velocity at mute time tmute
verbose=0               =1 for diagnostic print
tmpdir=	if non-empty, use the value as a directory path	prefix
for storing temporary files; else if the CWP_TMPDIR
environment variable is set use	its value for the path;
else use tmpfile()
.SH NOTES
Input traces should be sorted into common-offset gathers.  One common-
offset gather ends and another begins when the offset field of the trace
headers changes.
The cdp field of the input trace headers must be the cdp bin NUMBER, NOT
the cdp location expressed in units of meters or feet.
The number of offsets to mix (noffmix) should typically equal the ratio of
the shotpoint spacing to the cdp spacing.  This choice ensures that every
cdp will be represented in each offset mix.  Traces in each mix will
contribute through DMO to other traces in adjacent cdps within that mix.
The defaults for offmax and vrms are appropriate only for metric units.
If distances are measured in feet, then these parameters should be
specified explicitly.
offmax, tmute, and vrms need not be specified precisely.
If these values are unknown, then one should overestimate offmax
and underestimate tmute and vrms.
No muting is actually performed.  The tmute parameter is used only to
determine parameters required to perform DMO.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR su (1),
.BR segyread (1),
.BR segywrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Colorado School of Mines, Center for Wave Phenomena
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) Colorado School of Mines
