.TH SUGOUPILLAUDPO 1 "sugoupillaudpo" "CWP/SU" "Seismic Unix Manual"
.SH NAME
sugoupillaudpo \- SUGOUPILLAUDPO - calculate Primaries-Only impulse response of a lossless GOUPILLAUD medium for plane waves at normal incidence
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sugoupillaudpo

\fBsugoupillaudpo\fR < stdin > stdout [optional parameters]
.SH DESCRIPTION
SUGOUPILLAUDPO - calculate Primaries-Only impulse response of a lossless GOUPILLAUD medium for plane waves at normal incidence
.SH REQUIRED PARAMETERS
none
.SH OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
l=1	   source layer number; 1 <= l <= tr.ns
Source is located at the top of layer l.
k=1	   receiver layer number; 1 <= k
Receiver is located at the top of layer k.
tmax	  number of output time-samples;
default: long enough to capture all primaries
pV=1	  flag for vector field seismogram
(displacement, velocity, acceleration);
=-1 for pressure seismogram.
verbose=0     silent operation, =1 list warnings
Input: Reflection coefficient series:
impedance[i]-impedance[i+1]
r[i] = -----------------------------
impedance[i]+impedance[i+1]
r[0]= surface refl. coef. (as seen from above)
r[n]= refl. coef. of the deepest interface
Input file is to be in SU format, i.e., binary floats with a SU header.
Remarks:
1. For vector fields, a buried source produces a spike of amplitude 1
propagating downwards and a spike of amplitude -1 propagating upwards.
A buried pressure source produces spikes of amplitude 1 both in the up-
and downward directions.
A surface source induces only a downgoing spike of amplitude 1 at the
top of the first layer (both for vector and pressure fields).
2. The sampling interval dt in the header of the input reflectivity file
is interpreted as a two-way traveltime thicknes of the layers. The sampling
interval of the output seismogram is the same as that of the input file.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR su (1),
.BR segyread (1),
.BR segywrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Colorado School of Mines, Center for Wave Phenomena
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) Colorado School of Mines
