.TH SUMIGTK 1 "sumigtk" "CWP/SU" "Seismic Unix Manual"
.SH NAME
sumigtk \- SUMIGTK - MIGration via T-K domain method for common-midpoint stacked data
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sumigtk

\fBsumigtk\fR <stdin >stdout dxcdp= [optional parms]
.SH DESCRIPTION
SUMIGTK - MIGration via T-K domain method for common-midpoint stacked data
.SH REQUIRED PARAMETERS
dxcdp                   distance between successive cdps
.SH OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
fmax=Nyquist            maximum frequency
tmig=0.0                times corresponding to interval velocities in vmig
vmig=1500.0             interval velocities corresponding to times in tmig
vfile=                  binary (non-ascii) file containing velocities v(t)
nxpad=0                 number of cdps to pad with zeros before FFT
ltaper=0                length of linear taper for left and right edges
verbose=0               =1 for diagnostic print
tmpdir= 	 if non-empty, use the value as a directory path
prefix for storing temporary files; else if the
the CWP_TMPDIR environment variable is set use
its value for the path; else use tmpfile()
.SH NOTES
Input traces must be sorted by either increasing or decreasing cdp.
The tmig and vmig arrays specify an interval velocity function of time.
Linear interpolation and constant extrapolation is used to determine
interval velocities at times not specified.  Values specified in tmig
must increase monotonically.
Alternatively, interval velocities may be stored in a binary file
containing one velocity for every time sample.  If vfile is specified,
then the tmig and vmig arrays are ignored.
The time of first sample is assumed to be zero, regardless of the value
of the trace header field delrt.
The migration is a reverse time migration in the (t,k) domain. In the
first step, the data g(t,x) are Fourier transformed x->k into the
the time-wavenumber domain g(t,k).
Then looping over wavenumbers, the data are then reverse-time
finite-difference migrated, wavenumber by wavenumber.  The resulting
migrated data m(tau,k), now in the tau (migrated time) and k domain,
are inverse fourier transformed back into m(tau,xout) and written out.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR su (1),
.BR segyread (1),
.BR segywrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Colorado School of Mines, Center for Wave Phenomena
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) Colorado School of Mines
