.TH SUNEARCSV 1 "sunearcsv" "CWP/SU" "Seismic Unix Manual"
.SH NAME
sunearcsv \- SUNEARCSV - Assign Trace Key Values From Nearest Q-file Record
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sunearcsv

type>0 dimensions, but restricted by ranges of type<0 dimension(s).
.SH DESCRIPTION
SUNEARCSV - Assign Trace Key Values From Nearest Q-file Record. sunearcsv [parameters]. Parameters:
.SH NOTES
The following 3 parameters can be used for any of the dimensions.
Just substitute x,y,r,a,b,c,d,e,f as the ending character,
for instance: typer,minr,maxr for dimension R.
Typically these 3 are used just to specify an additional dimension that is
used to restrict the search range (see typer options -1 and -2 below).
typer=1 Use in Pythagorean Nearest (squared difference to trace location),
and minr,maxr are unchanging extent ranges for this dimension.
=2 Use in Pythagorean Nearest and minr,maxr are the relative extent
range to include for this dimension (the input trace value for
this dimension is added to minr,maxr to form the extent range).
=-1 Do not use in Pythagorean Nearest, and minr,maxr are unchanging
extent ranges for this dimension.
=-2 Do not use in Pythagorean Nearest and minr,maxr are the relative
extent range to include for this dimension (the input trace value
for this dimension is added to minr,maxr to form extent range).
Note: Negative types means the difference between the profile point and
the trace is NOT added to Pythagorean sum for specified dimension(s).
So, the nearest point is determined as if that dimension was NOT
specified at all. However, the min,max for that dimension are still
used. This results in finding the nearest point considering only the
type>0 dimensions, but restricted by ranges of type<0 dimension(s).
Type=-2 can be used for situations where a profile approaches itself
or intersects itself or overlaps itself. In those case, a third
dimension value (such as station number) can be used to restrict the
search range for each trace to only the part of the profile with
approximately the same station numbers as the trace midpoint station.
minr=     Extent Range Min. Typically negative. Default is no min limit.
Greater or equal to this value is in range.
maxr=     Extent Range Max. Typically positive. Default is no max limit.
Strictly less than this value is in range. The min must be less
than max, but the range does not have to be symmetric or centred
(that is, ranges such as min=-1000 and max=-200 are allowed).
keyp=cdp  Point Order Key Name. Name must be in the input Q-file.
This parameter is the difference between a PROFILE and just a
set of points. After the nearest point to a trace is found, this
parameter determines which point is considered the NEXT point.
The angle between the nearest point and the next point is used
in the computation of inline distance to output in the igi key
and the crossline distance to output in the igc key.
(The igi,igc distances are NOT scaled to the trace scalco flag).
Note: To compute the angle, whatever is specified as dimx is used as
the X coordinate, whatever is specified as dimy is used as Y.
=asis The next point to determine angle is the next record in q-file.
=dist Set igi to 0 and igc to the distance between the trace and the
nearest point. The igc distance is NOT scaled by trace scalco.
=none Do not reset the igi and igc output values. This option must be
used if dimx or dimy is not specified.
Note: Sometimes there are two-or-more points which are equally near
the trace. In those cases, the nearest point is set to the
lower ordered point. For options asis,dist,none the order is
simply the order of points in the qin file.
okeys=cdp Output key names. Name must be in the input Q-file.
These values are copied from qin file to the output traces.
Note: q-files are assumed to contain raw (non-scaled) values.
The scalco,scalel key values from the input traces are
used to scale their related keys in this list.
Note: scalco,scalel key names are not allowed in this list.
nopoint=1 If no qin point is found within the extents, error-halt (before
outputting the first trace that could not find a qin point).
=0 Continue without any update of the okeys values for traces that
could not find a qin point in extents (print their count at end).
Advice: If you choose to use option 0, then you should probably include
a key name in the qin file which has a value that you can check
in the output traces (start with a 0 in the input traces, have a
value of 1 in the qin file, so you can see if trace was updated).
The following 3 parameters affect cpu time, but not results. The search
is done by building a kdtree from the dimension values in the qin file.
The code that builds the kdtree is reasonably standard and simplistic.
But the kdtree search code is slightly unusual due to some typer options.
sfunc=2   Search via the cycle_for_near function. This option is usually
fastest. This option uses the sdist and smult parameters.
=1   Search via the find_near function. This option may be faster
if you are specifying small extent ranges.
This option does not use the sdist and smult parameters.
=0   Search via the brute_near function. This option may be faster
if there are only a small number of points in the qin file.
This option does not use the sdist and smult parameters.
(To keep the code simpler, this option still allocates and
builds the kdtree. But the tree is not used for searching).
=-1  Search via the find_near function and confirm the results using
the brute_near function. This tests the find_near function and
can also be used to determine the speed difference between them.
This option does not use the sdist and smult parameters.
=-2  Search via the cycle_for_near function and confirm the results
using brute_near function. This tests cycle_for_near function
and can also be used to determine speed difference between them.
This option uses the sdist and smult parameters.
sdist=100 Initial search distance. This parameter is only used
if sfunc=2 or -2. If positive, this value is added to the
distance between the previous trace and its nearest qin point
and used as the initial search distance for the current trace.
If negative, the initial search distance for all traces is set
to this absolute value.
smult=2   Search multiplier. This parameter is only used if sfunc=2 or -2.
If the nearest qin point is not found after searching with the
initial search distance, the search distance is multiplied by
this value, and search is performed again. This repeats until
finding the nearest point (or all min,max ranges are exceeded).
------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR su (1),
.BR segyread (1),
.BR segywrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Colorado School of Mines, Center for Wave Phenomena
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) Colorado School of Mines
