.TH SUPAD 1 "supad" "CWP/SU" "Seismic Unix Manual"
.SH NAME
supad \- SUPAD - Pad zero traces
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B supad

\fBsupad\fR <stdin >stdout min= max= [optional parameters]
.SH DESCRIPTION
SUPAD - Pad zero traces
.SH REQUIRED PARAMETERS
min=			trace key start
max=			trace key end
.SH OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
key1=ep		panel key
key2=tracf		trace key
key3=trid		flag key
val3=2		value assigned to padded traces
d=1			trace key spacing
.SH EXAMPLES
suplane | supad min=1 max=40 key1=offset key2=tracr | ...
... appends eight empty traces.
suplane | supad min=1 max=32 key1=offset key2=tracr d=0.5 | ...
... inserts a zero trace after each trace (even though the
header tracr is integer and cannot properly store the floats)
suplane | supad min=1 max=32 | ...
... produces an error because the panel and trace key are all 0.
.SH NOTES
In contrast to most SU codes, supad recognizes panels, or ensembles.
If the input consists of several panels, each panel will be padded
individually.
key1 and key2 are the primary and secondary sort key of the data set.
The sort order of key1 does not matter at all.
The sort order of key2 must be monotonous - if key2 is descending,
supply a negative value for the spacing d.
Traces with a key2-value outside the min/max range will be lost.
Traces with a key2-value that is not a multiple of the spacing from
the min-value (the max-value, if the spacing is negative) will
not be lost. Instead, they will shift the series of key2-values.
By default the dead trace flag will be raised for the padded traces.
This should make it easy to remove the zero traces later on, if need be.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR su (1),
.BR segyread (1),
.BR segywrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Colorado School of Mines, Center for Wave Phenomena
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) Colorado School of Mines
