.TH SURESSTAT 1 "suresstat" "CWP/SU" "Seismic Unix Manual"
.SH NAME
suresstat \- SURESSTAT - Surface consistent source and receiver statics calculation
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B suresstat

\fBsuresstat\fR <stdin [optional parameters]
.SH DESCRIPTION
SURESSTAT - Surface consistent source and receiver statics calculation
.SH REQUIRED PARAMETERS
ssol=		output file source statics
rsol=		output file receiver statics
ntraces=	number of traces in input data set (must be correct!)
.SH OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
ntpick=50 	maximum static shift (samples)
niter=5 	number of iterations
nshot=240 	largest shot number (fldr=1 to nshot)
nr=335 	largest receiver number (tracf=1 to nr)
nc=574 	maximum number of cmp's (for array allocation)
sfold=96 	maximum shot gather fold
rfold=96 	maximum receiver gather fold
cfold=48 	maximum cmp gather fold
sub=0 	subtract super trace 1 from super trace 2 (=1)
sub=0 strongly biases static to a value of 0
mode=0 	use global maximum in cross-correllation window
=1 choose the peak perc=percent smaller than the global max.
perc=10. 	percent of global max (used only for mode=1)
verbose=0 	print diagnostic output (verbose=1)
.SH NOTES
Estimates surface-consistent source and receiver statics, meaning that
there is one static correction value estimated for each shot and receiver
position.
The method employed here is based on the method of Ronen and Claerbout:
Geophysics 50, 2759-2767 (1985).
The output files are binary files containing the source and receiver
statics, as a function of shot number (trace header fldr) and
receiver station number (trace header tracf).
The code builds a supertrace1 and supertrace2, which are subsequently
cross-correllated. The program then picks the time lag associated with
the largest peak in the cross-correllation according to two possible
criteria set by the parameter "mode". If mode=0, the maximum of the
cross-correllation window is chosen. If mode=1, the program will pick
a peak which is up to perc=percent smaller than the global maximum, but
closer to zero lag than the global maximum.	(Choosing mode=0 is
recommended.)
The geometry can be irregular: the program simply computes a static
correction for each shot record (fldr=1 to fldr=nshot), with any missing
shots being assigned a static of 0.  A static correction for each
receiver station (tracf=1 to tracf=nr) is calculated, with missing
receivers again assigned a static of 0.
The ntracesces parameter must be equal to the number of prestack traces.
The ntpick parameter sets the maximum allowable shift desired (in
samples NOT time).
The niter parameter sets the number of iterations desired.
The nshot parameter must be equal to the maximum fldr number in
the data. Note that this number might be different from the actual
number of shot records in the data (i.e., the maximum ep number).
For getting the correct maximum fldr number, you may use the surange
command.
The nr parameter must be equal to the largest number of receivers
per shot in the whole data.
The nc parameter must be equal to the number of prestack traces in
the data.
The sfold parameter must be equal to the nr parameter.
The rfold parameter must be equal to the maximum ep number.
The cfold parameter must be equal to the maximum CDP fold,
which is equal to the maximum number under the cdpt entry in the
output of the surange command.
To apply the static corrections, use sustatic with hdrs=3
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR su (1),
.BR segyread (1),
.BR segywrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Colorado School of Mines, Center for Wave Phenomena
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) Colorado School of Mines
