.TH SUSYNLVCW 1 "susynlvcw" "CWP/SU" "Seismic Unix Manual"
.SH NAME
susynlvcw \- SUSYNLVCW - SYNthetic seismograms for Linear Velocity function for mode Converted Waves
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B susynlvcw

\fBsusynlvcw\fR >outfile [optional parameters]
.SH DESCRIPTION
SUSYNLVCW - SYNthetic seismograms for Linear Velocity function for mode Converted Waves
.SH OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
nt=101		number of time samples
dt=0.04		time sampling interval (sec)
ft=0.0		first time (sec)
nxo=1			number of source-receiver offsets
dxo=0.05		offset sampling interval (km)
.SH NOTES
Offsets are signed - may be positive or negative.  Receiver locations
are computed by adding the signed offset to the source location.
Specify either midpoint sampling or shotpoint sampling, but not both.
If neither is specified, the default is the midpoint sampling above.
More than one ref (reflector) may be specified.  When obliquity factors
are included, then only the left side of each reflector (as the x,z
reflector coordinates are traversed) is reflecting.  For example, if x
coordinates increase, then the top side of a reflector is reflecting.
Note that reflectors are encoded as quoted strings, with an optional
reflector amplitude: preceding the x,z coordinates of each reflector.
Default amplitude is 1.0 if amplitude: part of the string is omitted.
Note that gamma<1 implies P-SV mode conversion, gamma>1 implies SV-P,
and gamma=1 implies no mode conversion.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR su (1),
.BR segyread (1),
.BR segywrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Colorado School of Mines, Center for Wave Phenomena
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) Colorado School of Mines
