.TH SUWAVEFORM 1 "suwaveform" "CWP/SU" "Seismic Unix Manual"
.SH NAME
suwaveform \- SUWAVEFORM - generate a seismic wavelet
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B suwaveform

\fBsuwaveform\fR <stdin >stdout [optional parameters]
.SH DESCRIPTION
SUWAVEFORM - generate a seismic wavelet
.SH OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
type=akb	wavelet type
akb:	AKB wavelet defined by max frequency fpeak
berlage: Berlage wavelet
gauss:   Gaussian wavelet defined by frequency fpeak
gaussd:  Gaussian first derivative wavelet
ricker1: Ricker wavelet defined by frequency fpeak
ricker2: Ricker wavelet defined by half and period
spike:   spike wavelet, shifted by time tspike
unit:	unit wavelet, i.e. amplitude = 1 = const.
dt=0.004	time sampling interval in seconds
ns=		if set, number of samples in  output trace
fpeak=20.0	peak frequency of a Berlage, Ricker, or Gaussian,
and maximum frequency of an AKB wavelet in Hz
half=1/fpeak   Ricker wavelet "ricker2": half-length
period=c*half  Ricker wavelet "ricker2": period (c=sqrt(6)/pi)
distort=0.0	Ricker wavelet "ricker2": distortion factor
decay=4*fpeak  Berlage wavelet: exponential decay factor in 1/sec
tn=2	   Berlage wavelet: time exponent
ipa=-90	Berlage wavelet: initial phase angle in degrees
tspike=0.0	Spike wavelet: time at spike in seconds
verbose=0	1: echo output wavelet length
.SH EXAMPLES
A normalized, zero-phase Ricker wavelet with a peak frequency
of 15 Hz is generated and convolved with a spike dataset:
suwaveform type=ricker1 fpeak=15 | sugain pbal=1 > wavelet.su
suplane npl=1 | suconv sufile=wavelet.su | suxwigb
Gaussian and derivatives of Gaussians:
Use "sudgwaveform" to generate these
Technical references:
Aldridge, D. F., 1990, The Berlage wavelet: Geophysics, 55,1508-1511.
Caveat:
This program does not check for aliasing.
.SH NOTES
If ns is not defined, the program determines the trace length
depending on the dominant signal period.
The Ricker wavelet "ricker1" and the Gaussian wavelet "gauss"
are zero-phase. For these two wavelets, the trace header word
delrt is set such that the peak amplitude is at t=0 seconds.
If this is not acceptable, use "sushw key=delrt a=0".
The Ricker wavelets can be defined either by the peak frequency
fpeak ("ricker1") or by its half-length, the period, and a
distortion factor ("ricker2"). "ricker" is an acceptable
alias for "ricker1".
The Berlage wavelet is defined by the peak frequency fpeak, a time
time exponent tn describing the wavelet shape at its beginning,
and an exponential decay factor describing the amplitude decay
towards later times. The parameters tn and decay are non-negative,
real numbers; tn is typically a small integer number and decay a
multiple of the dominant signal period 1/fpeak. Additionally, an
initial phase angle can be given; use -90 or 90 degrees for
zero-amplitude at the beginning.
For an AKB wavelet, fpeak is the maximum frequency; the peak
frequency is about 1/3 of the fpeak value.
The output wavelet can be normalized or scaled with "sugain".
Use "suvibro" to generate a Vibroseis sweep.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR su (1),
.BR segyread (1),
.BR segywrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Colorado School of Mines, Center for Wave Phenomena
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) Colorado School of Mines
