.TH SUWINDPOLY 1 "suwindpoly" "CWP/SU" "Seismic Unix Manual"
.SH NAME
suwindpoly \- SUWINDPOLY - WINDow data to extract traces on or within a respective POLYgonal line or POLYgon with coordinates specified by header keyword values
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B suwindpoly

\fBsuwindpoly\fR <stdin [Required parameters] [Optional params] file=outfile
.SH DESCRIPTION
SUWINDPOLY - WINDow data to extract traces on or within a respective POLYgonal line or POLYgon with coordinates specified by header keyword values
.SH REQUIRED PARAMETERS
x=x1,x2,...	list of X coordinates for vertices
y=y1,y2,...	list of Y coordinates for vertices
file=file1,file2,..	output filename(s)
.SH OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
xkey=fldr	X coordinate header key
ykey=ep	Y coordinate header key
pass=0 	polyline mode: pass traces near the polygonal line
=1 pass all traces interior to polygon
=2 pass all traces exterior to polygon
Optional parameters used in polyline pass=0 mode only:
The following need to be given if the unit increments in the X & Y
directions are not equal.  For example, if fldr increments by 1 and
ep increments by 4 to form 25 x 25 m bins specify dx=25.0 & dy=6.25.
The output binning key will be converted to integers by the scaling
with the smaller of the two values.
dx=1.0	unit increment distance in X direction
dy=1.0	unit increment distance in Y direction
ilkey=tracl	key for resulting inline index in polyline mode
xlkey=tracr	key for resulting xline index in polyline mode
dw=1.0	distance in X-Y coordinate units of extracted line
to pass points to output.  Width of resulting line is
2*dw.  Ignored if polygon mode is specified.
.SH EXAMPLES
suwindpoly <input.su x=10,20,50 y=0,30,60 dw=10 pass=0 file=out.su
.SH NOTES
In polyline mode (pass=0), a single trace may be output multiple times
if it meets the acceptance criteria (distance from line segment < dw)
for multiple line segments. However, the headers will be distinct
and will associate the output trace with a line segment. This
behavior facilitates creation of 3D supergathers from polyline
output. Use susort after running in polyline mode.
x=& y=lists should be repeated for as many polygons as needed when
pass=1 or pass=2.
In polygon mode, the polygon closes itself from the last vertex to
the first.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR su (1),
.BR segyread (1),
.BR segywrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Colorado School of Mines, Center for Wave Phenomena
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) Colorado School of Mines
